[identity] Various documentation improvements (#30562)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/README.md

);
```

> As an alternative to specifying the `authorityHost` argument, you can also set the `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST` environment variable to the URL of your cloud's authority. This approach is useful when configuring multiple credentials to authenticate to the same cloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to specifying the `authorityHost` argument, you can also set the `AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST` environment variable to the URL of your cloud's authority. This approach is useful when configuring multiple credentials to authenticate to the same cloud or when the deployed environment needs to define the target cloud:
```

```sh
AZURE_AUTHORITY_HOST=https://login.partner.microsoftonline.cn
```

> The `AzureAuthorityHosts` enum defines authorities for well-known clouds for your convenience; however, if the authority for your cloud is not listed in `AzureAuthorityHosts`, you may pass any valid authority URL as a string argument as the following example demonstrates:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `AzureAuthorityHosts` enum defines authorities for well-known clouds for your convenience; however, if the authority for your cloud isn't listed in `AzureAuthorityHosts`, you may pass any valid authority URL as a string argument. For example:
```

> The `AzureAuthorityHosts` enum defines authorities for well-known clouds for your convenience; however, if the authority for your cloud is not listed in `AzureAuthorityHosts`, you may pass any valid authority URL as a string argument as the following example demonstrates:

Reviewer 2: In the `AzureAuthorityHosts` text above, link to https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/identity/azureauthorityhosts?view=azure-node-latest. I think it's also confusing that the 1st occurrence calls it an interface, while the 2nd occurrence calls it an enum. Let's standardize on "enum".

Author: Updated, thanks!

> The [`AzureAuthorityHosts`][authority_hosts] enum defines authorities for well-known clouds for your convenience; however, if the authority for your cloud isn't listed in [`AzureAuthorityHosts`][authority_hosts], you may pass any valid authority URL as a string argument. For example:

Reviewer 2: No need to link subsequent references
```suggestion
The `AzureAuthorityHosts` enum defines authorities for well-known clouds for your convenience; however, if the authority for your cloud isn't listed in `AzureAuthorityHosts`, you may pass any valid authority URL as a string argument. For example:
```

Author: Fine, be that way 😆
